In this lecture, we will learn how easy
it is to measure the code coverage or
the test coverage for our java projects using
the ECLEmma code coverage plugin to
do that  launch the eclipse Ide go to  our order
processing service project right click
on the test package or the test source
folder go to coverage as and click on
junit test so that will run the ECLEmma
cole coverage plug-in and it will run our
test as you can see all our tests are
green while it runs our test it also
analyzes our source code at runtime to
see which parts of our source code are being
tested or which parts of our source code
which lines in our source code are being run
and it generates a beautiful report
here under the coverage tab if you  expand
that let me drag it a little as you can see it has
different columns coverage in percentage
covered instructions that is the number
of lines that are covered by our test
missing instructions and then the total
number of instructions we don't really
care about that test themselves that is not
what we should look at we should
look at the source folder and go to
our BOclass because that is what
we have written tests for this is the
class we have written test for eclipse emma
ECLemma highlights all the
instructions that are covered by our
test in green so all the beautiful
greenery there are big is because we
have run some good test covering the
place order method as well as the
cancel order method scroll it down you
will see all the bad reds
this is because we haven't returned any
test method for the delete order method
or the get DAO we didn't use the get DAO
at all so we can easily remove
that method say
good point or a good that it highlighted we can
do this method and we can add a test
method for the delete order in the next
lecture so that all this will also be
green so it shows us the percentage of test
coverage as you can see here the order
BOimpl has
71 percent of coverage once we cover the
Delete order it will become hundred percent
and as you can see the DAO
it has 0% coverage
because our DAO is not even
completely implemented and we haven't
tested it at all
that is why it is all red and it has
0% coverage the DTOS
it's okay it has 41%coverage
because we are not calling the getter
methods that we are not using the
getter methods at all and some of the
setter methods as well.
Finally the exception has hundred
percent coverage, we have done a god job
there as well so it's that simple to run
ECLEmma code coverage plug-in to see how
much of our source code is being tested
simply you can right-click on the tests source
folder itself or you can run individual test by
right-clicking and go to coverage as and
then say a unit test and generate
a beautiful report for us.